Fix macOS camera / microphone / photo library permissions (#1820)
beeware/briefcase: changes/1820.bugfix.rst

> App will no longer crash on macOS when camera, photo library, or microphone access is requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
macOS apps now generate ``info.plist`` entries for camera, photo library and microphone permissions.
```
